Readme.md, before:

> **NOTE:**
>This project is yet in process.

# TRACKGENIX SA project

```
This is a project that belowns to Trackgenix SA, who provide developer services to other companies. This web system facilitates the recording of hours worked by each employee, in each project and work team. 
```

``
As Radium Rocket students, our job is to make a website for the project.
Week by week we will present progress of the work.
``

# Week 02 #

HTML code was write to made the Landing Page structure.
This contains:
> Header
> Sidebar
> Content
> Footer 

# Week 03 #

CSS was made to give style to the web, corresponding to the HTML structure.

# Week 04 #

The activity of this week, consisted in create a landing for mobile, laptop and desktop screens, using as a principal  tool Flexbox, starting making the mobile screen first and checking the changes with the inspector and modifying it.
This can be seen by entering the following link:.

https://florenciaetchart.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html

# Week 05 #

This week we are going to work on Java Script. It will consist of doing a series of exercises applying the concepts learned in the asynchronous material.

https://florenciaetchart.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html



## Repository ##

The repository could be found in the following link:

*https://github.com/FlorenciaEtchart/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1*

## Visual ##
### Web example ###

![ss](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101225485/160520166-11756b81-dd2f-40f8-8775-698a42ccdc1a.png)

## Support ##
For support and help you can send an email to:
*info@radiumrocket.com.ar*

Commit message:

BaSP-W06-2022: Creation of week 06 folder and its respectives files

Readme.md, after:

> **NOTE:**
>This project is yet in process.

# TRACKGENIX SA project

```
This is a project that belowns to Trackgenix SA, who provide developer services to other companies. This web system facilitates the recording of hours worked by each employee, in each project and work team. 
```

``
As Radium Rocket students, our job is to make a website for the project.
Week by week we will present progress of the work.
``

# Week 02 #

HTML code was write to made the Landing Page structure.
This contains:
> Header
> Sidebar
> Content
> Footer 

# Week 03 #

CSS was made to give style to the web, corresponding to the HTML structure.

# Week 04 #

The activity of this week, consisted in create a landing for mobile, laptop and desktop screens, using as a principal  tool Flexbox, starting making the mobile screen first and checking the changes with the inspector and modifying it.
This can be seen by entering the following link:.   

https://florenciaetchart.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-04/index.html

# Week 05 #

This week we are going to work on Java Script. It will consist of doing a series of exercises applying the concepts learned in the asynchronous material.

https://florenciaetchart.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-05/index.html

# Week 06 #

Must be continued on what was developed in problem 04. The screens must be created following the Screenflow made in Week 01 on Figma.
Will work with html, css, javascript to develop the "login" and "employee registration" screens with the requirements made by the tutors to make it work and solve the weekly problem.

https://florenciaetchart.github.io/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1/Semana-06/views/index.html


## Repository ##

The repository could be found in the following link:

*https://github.com/FlorenciaEtchart/BaSP-M2022-Etapa-1*

## Visual ##
### Web example ###

![ss](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/101225485/160520166-11756b81-dd2f-40f8-8775-698a42ccdc1a.png)

## Support ##
For support and help you can send an email to:
*info@radiumrocket.com.ar*
